# PHP-Development-Services---Codism-
PHP Overview What is PHP? Is it used for developing high scale applications? Is it better in performance? Is it scalable? Is it secure? There are 100’s and thousands of question that come to my mind.  Selecting the right technology is a key for building robust applications. We at Codism helps our client in meeting their web application needs, we are known for helping startups, SMEs and large enterprises. PHP development services have been into the market for quite a while now. There are many big corporations whose applications are built in PHP, to name a few we have facebook, Wikipedia, mailchimp Tumblr, slack, Daily Motion, ETSY and the list goes on and on. PHP is stable into the market for more over 20 years now and have a large community base.  At Codism PHP development services is our core competency and have been practiced in-house for more than 6 years. We have PHP expert carrying experience in all PHP frameworks and CMS. Today PHP is widely used for almost 40 percent of the web applications developed world wide. PHP development services have led us achieve to rank number 1 on GURU and Clutch. We have developed more than 60+ applications using PHP. Codism provides the flexibility to choose the engagement model, whether it be hourly based model or fixed price engagement.  Codism is one of the largest PHP development service company with over 15,000 + man hours of experience. Codism is a certified PHP development company, backed by a strong workforce of 50+ experts providing high-performance, custom PHP web development of any complexity with incredible competence. Leveraging on the deep domain expertise of our PHP professionals who adopt industry best-practices and methodologies, Codism delivers most comprehensive PHP web applications and solutions for different industry verticals.  To know more: https://codism.io/services/php-development-services-company/
